Datasheet for Contract Understanding Atticus Dataset (CUAD)
I.MOTIVATION
A. Who created the dataset (e.g., which team, research group) and on behalf of which entity (e.g. company,
institution, organization)?
The Atticus Project is a non-profit organization whose mission is to harness the power of AI to accelerate
accurate and efficient contract review. The Atticus Project started as a grassroots movement by experienced
lawyers in public companies and leading law firms aiming to achieve high-quality, low-cost, accurate and timely
contract review using AI. It was officially incorporated as a California nonprofit public benefit corporation in
January 2020.
B. Did they fund it themselves? If there is an associated grant, please provide the name of the grantor and
the grant name and number.
The Atticus Project relies 100% on unpaid volunteers who are organized around the single mission of changing
the legal industry by leveraging AI.
C. For what purpose was the data set created? Was there a specific task in mind? If so, please specify the
result type (e.g. unit) to be expected.
The original specific task and the intended use case of the dataset is to facilitate the development of accurate AI
algorithms for contract review in corporate transactions. Contract review refers to the process where human
lawyers physically search through hundreds or thousands of contracts to find a few types of legal provisions. This
process is time consuming, costly and prone to human error. The dataset aims to accelerate this process by
leveraging AI. However, as development of this dataset progressed, there has not been any datasets identifying
the different components of a legal contract. We hope that this dataset can be a catalyst to spur development of
AI-models focused on legal contracts that can be an aid for legal practitioners. For example, one use could be an
AI-model that can identify the expiration dates of contracts to remind a party when a contract needs to be
renewed, a product that can generate a disclosure schedule for the seller as part of an acquisition or search for
contracts that should be divested as part of a divestiture.
However, the dataset should not be solely used for contract drafting, contract management, dispute resolution
(incl. litigation) or provision of legal advice. In those situations, qualified human lawyers should still analyze and
review any output. Instead, there are still a number of possibilities that AI can be developed as tools for legal
practitioners and this dataset is intended to spur the development of such tools.
II. COMPOSITION
C. What do the instances (of each type, if appropriate) that comprise the data set represent? (e.g.
documents, photos, people, countries).
Each instance is a commercial contract sourced from the EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and
Retrieval) system used by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Publicly traded companies in
the United States and some foreign companies are required to file certain material contracts under SEC rules.
Access to these contracts is available to the public for free at https://www.sec.gov/edgar.
B. How many instances (of each type, if appropriate) are there in total?
The latest release (CUAD v.1) has over 13,000 labels in 510 contracts. Future releases will include additional
labels and contracts.
C. Does the dataset contain all possible instances or is it just a sample of a larger set? i.e. Is the dataset
different than an original one due to the preprocessing process? In case this dataset is a subset of another one, is
the original dataset available?
The dataset includes commercial contracts selected from 25 different types of contracts based on the contract
names as shown below. Within each type, we randomly selected contracts based on the names of the filing
companies across the alphabet.
Type of Contracts # of Docs
Affiliate Agreement 10
Agency Agreement 13
Collaboration/Cooperation Agreement 26
Co-Branding Agreement 22
Consulting Agreement 11
Development Agreement 29
Distributor Agreement 32
Endorsement Agreement 24
Franchise Agreement 15
Hosting Agreement 20
IP Agreement 17
Joint Venture Agreement 23
License Agreement 33
Maintenance Agreement 34
Manufacturing Agreement 17
Marketing Agreement 17
Non-Compete/No-Solicit/Non-Disparagement Agreement 3
Outsourcing Agreement 18
Promotion Agreement 12
Reseller Agreement 12
Service Agreement 28
Sponsorship Agreement 31
Supply Agreement 18
Strategic Alliance Agreement 32
Transportation Agreement 13
TOTAL 510
D. Is there a label or a target associated with each of the instances? If so, please provide a description.
The labels correspond to 41 categories of legal clauses in commercial contracts that are considered important
by experienced attorneys in contract review in connection with a corporate transaction. Such transactions include
mergers & acquisitions, investments, initial public offering, etc.
Each category supports a contract review task which is to extract from an underlying contract (1) text context
(sometimes referred to as clauses) and (2) human-input answers that correspond to each of the 41 categories in
these contracts. For example, in response to the “Governing Law” category, the clause states “This Agreement is
accepted by Company in the State of Nevada and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws thereof, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict.”. The answer derived from the text context is
Nevada.
Each category (including context and answer) is independent of another except as otherwise indicated in
“Category List” “Group” below.
33 out of the 41 categories have a derived answer of “Yes” or “No.” If there is a segment of text corresponding
to such a category, the answer should be yes. If there is no text corresponding to such a category, it means that
no string was found. As a result, the answer should be “No.”
8 out of the 41 categories ask for answers that are entity or individual names, dates, combination of numbers
and dates and names of states and countries. See descriptions in the “Category List” below. While the format of
the context varies based on the text in the contract (string, date, or combination thereof), we represent answers in
consistent formats. For example, if the Agreement Date in a contract is “May 8, 2014” or “8th day of May 2014”,
the Agreement Date Answer is “5/8/2014”.
The “Expiration Date” and the “Effective Date” categories may ask for answers that are based on a combination
of (1) the answer to “Agreement Date” or “Effective Date” and/or (2) the string corresponding to “Expiration Date”
or “Effective Date”.
For example, the “Effective Date” clause in a contract is “This agreement shall begin upon the date of its
execution”. The answer will depend on the date of the execution, which was labeled as “Agreement Date”, the
answer to which is “5/8/2014”. As a result, the answer to the “Effective Date” should be “5/8/2014”.
An example of the “Expiration Date” clause is “This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA
and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and
shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the
cancellation or termination clauses contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement. (Page 2).” The relevant string in
this clause is “in effect until the end of the current calendar year”. As a result, the answer to “Expiration Date” is
12/31/2014.
A second example of the “Expiration Date” string is “The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the
Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express clause of this Agreement, shall continue
until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").” The answer here is 2/10/2019, representing
five (5) years following the “Effective Date” answer of 2/10/2014.
Each category (incl. context and answer) is independent of another except otherwise indicated under the
“Group” column below. For example, the “Effective Date”, “Agreement Date” and “Expiration Date” clauses in a
contract can overlap or build upon each other and therefore belong to the same Group 1. Another example would
be “Expiration Date”, “Renewal Term” and “Notice to Terminate Renewal”, where the text context may be the
same for two or more categories.
For example, the clause states that “This Agreement shall expire two years after the Effective Date, but then will
be automatically renewed for three years following the expiration of the initial term, unless a party provides notice
not to renew 60 days prior the expiration of the initial term.” Consequently the answer to Effective Date is
2/14/2019, the answer to Expiration Date should be 2/14/2021, and the answer to “Renewal Term” is 3 years, the
answer to “Notice to Terminate Renewal” is 60 days.
Similarly, a “License Grant” clause may also correspond to “Exclusive License”, “Non-Transferable
License” and “Affiliate License-Licensee” categories.
E. What is the format of the data? e.g. .json, .xml, .csv.
The files in CUAD v1 include 1 CSV file, 1 SQuAD-style JSON file, 28 Excel files, 510 PDF files, and 510 TXT
files.
- 1 master clauses CSV: a 83-column 511-row file. The first column is the names of the contracts corresponding
to the PDF and TXT files in the “full_contracts_pdf" and "full_contracts_txt" folders. The remaining columns
contain (1) text context (sometimes referred to as clause), and (2) human-input answers that correspond to each
of the 41 categories in these contracts. See a list of the categories in “Category List” below. The first row
represents the file name and a list of the categories. The remaining 510 rows each represent a contract in the
dataset and include the text context and human-input answers corresponding to the categories. The human-input
answers are derived from the text context and are formatted to a unified form.
- 1 SQuAD-style JSON: this file is derived from the master clauses CSV to follow the same format as SQuAD 2.0
(https://rajpurkar.github.io/SQuAD-explorer/explore/v2.0/dev/), a question answering dataset whose answers are
​ ​
similarly spans of the input text. The exact format of the JSON format exactly mimics that of SQuAD 2.0 for
compatibility with prior work. We also provide Python scripts for processing this data for further ease of use.
- 28 Excels: a collection of Excel files containing clauses responsive to each of the categories identified in the
“Category List” below. The first column is the names of the contracts corresponding to the PDF and TXT files in
the “full_contracts_pdf" and "full_contracts_txt" folders. The remaining columns contain (1) text context (clause)
corresponding to one or more Categories that belong in the same group as identified in “Category List” below, and
(2) in some cases, human-input answers that correspond to such text context. Each file is named as “Label
Report - [label/group name] (Group [number]).xlsx”
- 510 full contract PDFs: a collection of the underlying contracts that we used to extract the labels. Each file is
named as “[document name].pdf”. These contracts are in a PDF format and are not labeled. The full contract
PDFs contain raw data and are provided for context and reference.
- 510 full contract TXTs: a collection of TXT files of the underlying contracts. Each file is named as “[document
name].txt”. These contracts are in a plaintext format and are not labeled. The full contract TXTs contain raw data
and are provided for context and reference.
We recommend using the master clauses CSV as a starting point. To facilitate work with prior work and existing
​
language models, we also provide an additional format of the data that is similar to datasets such as SQuAD 2.0.
In particular, each contract is broken up into paragraphs, then for each provision category a model must predict
the span of text (if any) in that paragraph that corresponds to that provision category.
F. Is any information missing from individual instances? If so, please provide a description, explaining why this
information is missing (e.g. because it was unavailable). This does not include intentionally removed information,
but might include, e.g. redacted text.
Some clauses in the files are redacted because the party submitting these contracts redacted them to protect
confidentiality. Such redaction may show up as asterisks (***) or underscores (___) or blank spaces. The dataset
and the answers reflect such redactions. For example, the answer for “January __ 2020” would be “1/[]/2020”).
For any categories that require an answer of “Yes/No”, annotators include full sentences as text context in a
contract. To maintain consistency and minimize inter-annotator disagreement, annotators select text for the full
sentence, under the instruction of “from period to period”.
For the other categories, annotators selected segments of the text in the contract that are responsive to each
such category. One category in a contract may include multiple labels. For example, “Parties” may include 4-10
separate text strings that are not continuous in a contract. The answer is presented in the unified format
separated by semicolons of “Party A Inc. (“Party A”); Party B Corp. (“Party B”)”.
Some sentences in the files include confidential legends that are not part of the contracts. An example of such
confidential legend is as follows:
THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT
REQUEST. REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
Some sentences in the files contain irrelevant information such as footers or page numbers. Some sentences
may not be relevant to the corresponding category. Some sentences may correspond to a different category.
Because many legal clauses are very long and contain various sub-parts, sometimes only a sub-part of a
sentence is responsive to a category.
To address the foregoing limitations, annotators manually deleted the portion that is not responsive, replacing it
with the symbol "<omitted>" to indicate that the two text segments do not appear immediately next to each other
in the contracts. For example, if a “Termination for Convenience” clause starts with “Each Party may terminate
this Agreement if” followed by three subparts “(a), (b) and (c)”, but only subpart (c) is responsive to this category,
we manually delete subparts (a) and (b) and replace them with the symbol "<omitted>”. Another example is for
“Effective Date”, the contract includes a sentence “This Agreement is effective as of the date written above” that
appears after the date “January 1, 2010”. The annotation is as follows: “January 1, 2010 <omitted> This
Agreement is effective as of the date written above.”
G. Are there any errors, sources of noise, or redundancies in the dataset? If so, please provide a description.
Do not include missing information here.
See II-F above.
H. Are relationships between individual instances made explicit (e.g., users’ movie ratings, social network
links)? If so, please describe how these relationships are made explicit.
See II-D above.
I. Are there recommended data splits, e.g. training, development/validation, testing? If so, please provide a
description of these splits explaining the rationale behind them.
We do not split the dataset into training versus development versus testing.
J. Is the dataset self-contained, or does it link to or otherwise rely on external resources? e.g., websites, tweets,
other datasets. If it links to or relies on external resources, a) Are there any guarantees that they will exist, and
remain constant over time? b) Are there official archival versions of the complete dataset? i.e. including the
external resources as they existed at the time the dataset was created. c) Are there any restrictions (e.g. licenses,
fees) associated with any of the external resources that might apply to a future user? Please provide descriptions
of all external resources and any restrictions associated with them, as well as links or other access points, if
appropriate.
The dataset is self-contained and does not link to or rely on external resources. The CSV files have a list of
strings contained in the contracts in the PDF files.
K. Does the dataset contain data that might be considered confidential? e.g. data that is protected by legal
privilege or by doctor patient confidentiality, data that includes the content of individuals non-public
communications. If so, please provide a description.
No. The contracts in the dataset are filed with the SEC and publicly available with any confidential information
already removed by the party filing the contracts.
L. Does the dataset contain data that, if viewed directly, might be offensive, insulting, threatening, or might
otherwise cause anxiety? If so, please describe why.
No.
M. Does the dataset relate to people? If so, please specify
a) Whether the dataset identifies subpopulations or not. b) Whether the dataset identifies individual people
or not. c) Whether it contains information that could vulnerate any individuals or their rights. d) Any other verified
information on the topic that can be provided.
The dataset includes names, addresses of individuals, their former or current employers and their relationship
with other parties in the contracts. Any personal information included in the dataset is already publicly available
information because these contracts were filed with the SEC in the EDGAR system.
N. Does the dataset contain data that might be considered sensitive in any way (e.g., data that reveals racial or
ethnic origins, sexual orientations, religious beliefs, political opinions or union memberships, or locations; financial
or health data; biometric or genetic data; forms of government identification, such as social security numbers;
criminal history)? If so, please provide a description.
The dataset does not contain sensitive information since the contracts were obtained from the publicly available
EDGAR system maintained by the SEC and the labels are only derived from those contracts.
III. COLLECTION PROCESS
A. How was the data associated with each instance acquired? Was the data directly observable (e.g., raw
text, movie ratings), reported by subjects (e.g., survey responses), or indirectly inferred/derived from other data
(e.g., part-of-speech tags, model-based guesses for age or language)? If data was reported by subjects or
indirectly inferred/derived from other data, was the data validated/verified? If so, please describe how.
The dataset contains contracts obtained from the public EDGAR system. The CSV file contains strings from the
publicly filed contracts manually labeled by volunteers of The Atticus Project, which is composed of lawyers and
students. The strings are directly observable.
B. What mechanisms or procedures were used to collect the data (e.g., hardware apparatus or sensor,
manual human curation, software program, software API)? How were these mechanisms or procedures
validated?
The contracts in the PDF files were exported from EDGAR. The strings in the CSV files reflect collective
know-how of experienced lawyers. Each contract in the dataset is human-labeled with multiple levels of
quality-control and approved by highly sophisticated and experienced lawyers. The dataset only labels those
clauses that on a standalone basis are responsive to a label.
The contracts were loaded into a software application called eBrevia, which allowed the volunteers to review
and label the applicable clauses. These labels represent a list of provisions in commercial contracts that are
considered important by experienced attorneys in due diligence review in connection with a corporate transaction.
Such transactions include mergers & acquisitions, investments, initial public offering, etc.
Our labeling process included multiple steps to ensure accuracy:
1. Law Student training: law students attended training sessions on each of the categories that included a
summary, video instructions by experienced attorneys, multiple quizzes and workshops. Students were
then required to label sample contracts in eBrevia, an online contract review tool. The initial training took
approximately 70-100 hours.
2. Law Student Label: law students conducted manual contract review and labeling in eBrevia.
3. Key Word Search: law students conducted keyword search in eBrevia to capture additional categories
that have been missed during the “Student Label” step.
4. Category-by-Category Report Review: law students exported the labeled clauses into reports, review
each clause category-by-category and highlight clauses that they believe are mislabeled.
5. Attorney Review: experienced attorneys reviewed the category-by-category report with students
comments, provided comments and addressed student questions. When applicable, attorneys discussed
such results with the students and reached consensus. Students made changes in eBrevia accordingly.
6. eBrevia Extras Review. Attorneys and students used eBrevia to generate a list of “extras”, which are
clauses that eBrevia AI tool identified as responsive to a category but not labeled by human annotators.
Attorneys and students reviewed all of the “extras” and added the correct ones. The process is repeated
until all or substantially all of the “extras” are incorrect labels.
7. Final Report: Final report was exported into csv. Volunteers manually added the “Yes/No” answer column
to categories that do not contain an answer.
C. If the dataset is a sample from a larger set, what was the sampling strategy? i.e. deterministic,
probabilistic with specific sampling probabilities.
Contracts were selected from 25 different types of commercial contracts based on the contract names. Within
each type, we randomly selected contracts based on the names of the filing companies across the alphabet.
All of the contracts are filed by publicly traded or reporting companies through EDGAR as exhibits to their
periodic reports or registration statements. See here for a list of the reports and the exhibits under the SEC rules
(https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/17/229.601). EDGAR is not the most ideal dataset of legal contracts because
it is not representative of the overall population of legal contracts. Because only material contracts are required to
be filed with the SEC, the EDGAR contracts are more complicated and heavily negotiated than the general
population of all legal contracts. However, EDGAR contracts have the advantage of containing a large sample of
clauses that are hard to find in the general population. One company may have only one or two contracts that
contain exclusivity clauses. EDGAR contracts may have hundreds of them. It also has the benefit of being publicly
available. We are aware of the inherent bias in the EDGAR contracts. However, balancing the pros and cons, we
believe Edgar contracts are the best dataset for the dataset.
D. Who was involved in the data collection process (e.g., students, crowdworkers, contractors) and how
were they compensated (e.g., how much were crowdworkers paid)?
Our volunteer annotators are experienced lawyers and law students. None of the volunteers of The Atticus
Project were compensated monetarily for their time.
E. Over what timeframe was the data collected? Does this timeframe match the creation timeframe of the
data associated with the instances (e.g., recent crawl of old news articles)? If not, please describe the timeframe
in which the data associated with the instances was created.
The contracts were downloaded from EDGAR between March and November 2020, and manually labeled
between March 2020 and January 2021. The dates when the contracts were signed are as set forth in the
underlying contracts.
F. Did the collection process involve the participation of individual people? If so, please report any
information available regarding the following questions: Was the data collected from people directly? Did all the
involved parties give their explicit consent? Is there any mechanism available to revoke this consent in the future,
if desired?
No. None of the data subjects are individual people. The dataset contains some contracts where individuals are
parties, but all information about such individual parties is publicly available.
G. Has an analysis of the potential impact of the dataset and its use on data subjects been conducted? i.e. a
data protection impact analysis. If so, please provide a description of this analysis, including the outcomes, as well
as a link or other access point to any supporting documentation.
Not applicable. The dataset is based on publicly available contracts. None of the data subjects are individual
people.
H. Were any ethical review processes conducted?
No. The dataset is based on publicly available contracts. None of the data subjects are individual people.
H. Does the data come from a single source or is it the result of a combination of data coming from different
sources? In any case, please provide references.
The contracts are sourced from the EDGAR system maintained by the SEC.
IV. PREPROCESSING/CLEANING/LABELLING
A. Was any preprocessing/cleaning/labeling of the data done (e.g., discretization or bucketing, tokenization,
part-of-speech tagging, SIFT feature extraction, removal of instances, processing of missing values)? If so, please
provide a description. If not, you may skip the remainder of the questions in this section.
See III-B for details on the labeling process.
B. Was the “raw” data saved in addition to the preprocessed/cleaned/labeled data (e.g., to support
unanticipated future uses)? If so, please provide a link or other access point to the “raw” data.
Yes, the original contracts sourced from the EDGAR system are also included in the dataset.
C. Is the software used to preprocess/clean/label the instances available? If so, please provide a link or
other access point.
Yes, the software used to label the contracts is provided by eBrevia (https://ebrevia.com).
V. USES
A. Has the dataset been used already? If so, please provide a description.
CUAD v1 can be downloaded at www.atticusproject.org/cuad. The beta version of CUAD was released to the
​ ​
public in October 2020, under the name Atticus Open Contract (AOK).
B. Is there a repository that links to any or all papers or systems that use this dataset? If so, please provide a
link or any other access point.
Visit the Atticus Project github account at: https://github.com/TheAtticusProject
​​
C. What (other) tasks could the dataset be used for? Please include your own intentions, if any.
See I-C above.
D. Is there anything about the composition of the dataset or the way it was collected and
preprocessed/cleaned/labeled that might impact future uses? For example, is there anything that a future user
might need to know to avoid uses that could result in unfair treatment of individuals or groups (e.g., stereotyping,
quality of service issues) or other undesirable harms (e.g., financial harms, legal risks) If so, please provide a
description. Is there anything a future user could do to mitigate these undesirable harms?
No. However, the dataset should not be the sole input for contract drafting, contract management, dispute
resolution (incl. litigation) or provision of legal advice. The results generated from AI trained on this dataset should
still be analyzed and reviewed by qualified human lawyers. This dataset is meant to facilitate development of tools
to aid legal professionals, but should not be used as a replacement for proper legal advice for non-lawyers.
Note: we make no representations or warranties regarding the underlying contracts, which are publicly available
and downloadable from EDGAR.
In addition, the use of the dataset is subject to our privacy policy https://www.atticusprojectai.org/privacy-policy
​
and disclaimer https://www.atticusprojectai.org/disclaimer.
E. Are there tasks for which the dataset should not be used? If so, please provide a description.
See V-D above.
VI. DISTRIBUTION
A. Will the dataset be distributed to third parties outside of the entity (e.g., company, institution, organization) on
behalf of which the dataset was created? If so, please provide a description.
Yes. The dataset is open sourced and publicly available.
B. How will the dataset will be distributed (e.g., tarball on website, API, GitHub)? Does the dataset have a digital
object identifier (DOI)?
The dataset can be downloaded from our website at https://www.atticusprojectai.org/. The contracts can be
​ ​
downloaded as a zip file that contains both CSV and PDF files.
C. When will the dataset be distributed?
The latest release was released in March 2021 and the initial beta release was in October 2020.
D. Is the dataset distributed under a copyright or other intellectual property (IP) license? And/or under
applicable terms of use (ToU)? Please cite a verified source.
The dataset is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 (CC BY 4.0) license and free to the public
​ ​
for commercial and non-commercial use. https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
Note: we make no representations or warranties regarding the license status of the underlying contracts, which
are publicly available and downloadable from EDGAR.
In addition, the use of dataset is subject to our privacy policy https://www.atticusprojectai.org/privacy-policy and
​ ​
disclaimer https://www.atticusprojectai.org/disclaimer.
E. Have any third parties imposed IP-based or other restrictions on the data associated with the instances? If
so, please describe these restrictions, and provide a link or other access point to, or otherwise reproduce, any
relevant licensing terms, as well as any fees associated with these restrictions.
Not applicable. Note: we make no representations or warranties regarding the underlying contracts, which are
publicly available for free and downloadable from EDGAR.
F. Do any export controls or other regulatory restrictions apply to the dataset or to individual instances? If so,
please describe these restrictions, and provide a link or other access point to, or otherwise reproduce, any
supporting documentation.
Not applicable.
VII. MAINTENANCE
A. Who will be supporting/hosting/maintaining the dataset?
The dataset is hosted and maintained by The Atticus Project, a non-profit organization.
B. How can the owner/curator/manager of the dataset be contacted (e.g., email address)?
Contact us via email at info@atticusprojectai.org.
D. Is there an erratum? If so, please provide a link or other access point.
None at this time. All changes to the dataset will be published on The Atticus Project website
(https://www.atticusprojectai.org).
E. Will the dataset be updated (e.g., to correct labeling errors, add new instances, delete instances)? If so,
please describe how often, by whom, and how updates will be communicated to users (e.g., mailing list, GitHub)?
All changes or updates to the dataset will be published on The Atticus Project website
(https://www.atticusprojectai.org).
F. If the dataset relates to people, are there applicable limits on the retention of the data associated with the
instances (e.g., were individuals in question told that their data would be retained for a fixed period of time and
then deleted)? If so, please describe these limits and explain how they will be enforced.
Not applicable.
G. Will older versions of the dataset continue to be supported/hosted/maintained? If so, please describe
how. If not, please describe how its obsolescence will be communicated to users.
Yes. Older versions of the data will continue to be publicly available on the Atticus Project website
(https://www.atticusprojectai.org) and (https://github.com/TheAtticusProject) unless otherwise indicated therein.
​ ​ ​ ​
H. If others want to extend/augment/build on/contribute to the dataset, is there a mechanism for them to do
so? If so, please provide a description. Will these contributions be validated/verified? If so, please describe how. If
not, why not? Is there a process for communicating/distributing these contributions to other users? If so, please
provide a description.
We welcome your contribution to the dataset. Email us at info@atticusprojectai.org